#### “Planned Power Utilization & Generation”

​     One of the most important features of our Smart UoB app is energy management. We intent to minimise CO2 emission with more efficient power utilization. To allow for student engagement and monitoring, we created a series of energy usage-related displays in our 3D map for more direct information demonstration. 

With the novel "Siemens Enlighted IoT Sensors", we can obtain many types of data from the University’s buildings", such as power usage, the number of people and which seats or rooms are occupied (Using directional action detection) and display them with heatmap, histogram, contour map visualized in our 3D map or even outside the building with  real numbers projection.

Due to the Markov Property of historical power consumption data, it provides us with the ability to anticipate the future demand accordingly. Intuitively, consumption will increase throughout the workday but fall at night or weekends. Thus, machine Learning is imported as a tool to create non-linear model to simulate the inner regularity of the energy consumption in hours, days, or even weeks, giving the possibility to adjust the amount of electricity generated accordingly in order to save power, instead of roughly averaging the historical sequence data. 

The second application of data is to limit the superfluous energy usage.
For example, if there aren't many people studying in the library at night, the library can close the upper layer to save electricity while still providing enough space in lower floors for students. 

 

 

#### "Real-time Info System"

​       One thing that may be more convenient and fancy nowadays is to centralize real-time information and depict it for intuitive display, such as the location for all accessible or malfunctioning services. 

​       We aim to go into great detail about each building, including their floor views, so that students can quickly identify available seats or rooms and can book them with a single click. 

​       It may play an essential part in facility maintenance by allowing students to report any malfunctions, which are then shown on the 3D map for other students, faculties and staffs to see. 

​      This technology may also serve as order system. People can view all the coffee shops and catering centers in school and place their order in advance to save the queue up time.



​     

